So it's as part of the listening drills. You'd be issued the plan of the
dead and you'll be in quarters and you'll read off the planet of
the day somehow, someway, someone in your division Well, not here and
somehow, some way fat day, either your department head, XO seals will
come on by and ask that person. So what's going on today and personally
asked, Is your team member hasn't heard? You'd be surprised
how often that happens or not. People will complain. I didn't get the
word is always so many ways to get the word out before smartphones
before tablets. Before we had a simple plan. Daddy, read off. Tell
everyone what they're doing and what's going on. Um, you know, that's
not change. Even in the smartphone era. And as we get beyond smartphones
beyond beyond, far from us, someone is still not getting here.
So what do you do? Yeah, you point out correctly. Okay, Right behind.
May end of the day right there tells you what's going on. But if
you haven't as division officer taking time to post fell plan on the
day you have a problem. So you need to make sure that it's available
that you could point to a place that interested. It's in with the
ship's flight of the day file. And here's the U. R L. But if you can't
find that responsibility now, if you got it and they continuously
don't read it, let's have a talk with two by the office and watch
and try to come over the better strategy. But the first thing is make
sure you have it posted.